README.md, before:

# DaftPunkFalconPlayerHelmet
Daft Punk modernized helmet [sequences and design]

I am still working on this project. after the breakup I just put it on a very long pause
1997 alive made me want to work on it again.


based on:

https://github.com/FalconChristmas/fpp



Models:

Thomas
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:338831
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1883799

Guy
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:470882

Both:
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:177614

This wonderful person does it way better than I ever will:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slq8gh6M62U&t=2s

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU3bOE3rxOI

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLSYOH14mAs

buy list:


Lights: 
https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-3-model-b-plus/

https://www.amazon.com/SanDisk-256GB-Extreme-microSD-Adapter/dp/B07FCR3316/ref=sr_1_3?crid=3E29O2GK2E0TA&keywords=microsd&sprefix=microsd%2Caps%2C103&sr=8-3

https://www.amazon.com/Anker-2-Pack-Powerline-Micro-USB/dp/B01MUJOA5E/ref=sxts_rp_s_a2_0?crid=3IXTISHQY6LGM&cv_ct_cx=anker+powerline&keywords=ankerpowerline&psc=1&sprefix=ankerpowerline%2Caps%2C330&sr=1-2-5985efba-8948-4f09-9122-d605505c9d1e

https://www.amazon.com/Portable-Charger-Anker-PowerCore-20100mAh/dp/B00X5RV14Y/ref=sr_1_11?crid=X83Q73B6PK83&keywords=anker+battery&sprefix=anker+battery%2Caps%2C137&sr=8-11

WS2812B Led Module 8x8 8x32. I really wish this came in clear :(
https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005002220503523.html

https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32682015405.html

some good wire:
https://www.amazon.com/Hook-Wire-Kit-Electrical-Assortment/dp/B082VY9FRB/ref=sr_1_6?crid=2DQV38087S4DL&keywords=silicon+wire+18+awg&sprefix=silicon+wire+%2Caps%2C161&sr=8-6

https://www.amazon.com/Anker-Soundcore-Bluetooth-Exclusive-Water-Resistant/dp/B01MTB55WH/ref=psdc_689637011_t2_B08BCHKY52 soundcore 3 does not have auxillary :/

https://www.amazon.com/AmazonBasics-Stereo-Audio-Cable-Meters/dp/B00NO73Q84/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1ZR8JDEIB9BRQ&keywords=3.5mm+audio+cable&sprefix=3.5mm+%2Caps%2C124&sr=8-4

https://www.amazon.com/Creative-Labs-70SB173000000-Sound-Blaster/dp/B06XBZ38ZJ/ref=sr_1_3?crid=3BBL7XM22S749&keywords=sound+blaster+usb&sprefix=sound+blaster+us%2Caps%2C154&sr=8-3

because of the Falcon PiCap the soundblaster usb sound card is required.

https://www.pixelcontroller.com/store/controllers/47-falcon-picap.html

Enclosure:????

outfit:
https://www.amazon.com/Electroma-Lucky-Leather-jackett-XXS-3XL/dp/B071RF4RLX

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08H4PYMY3/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00X5FAF9I/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1

some sweet 70's style suit or shirt, sequins FTW


SETUP:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS2OaGXIoj4
make sure to properly setup falconpicap!!! this is the main concern of this project as you can destroy it

solder your lights up

flash falconplayer

Commit message:

make sure its clear I am not providing music. and you must provide your own or purchase your own
make sure its clear I am not providing music. and you must provide your own or purchase your own

make sure its clear I am not providing music. and you must provide your own or purchase your own

make sure its clear I am not providing music. and you must provide your own or purchase your own

make sure its clear I am not providing music. and you must provide your own or purchase your own

make sure its clear I am not providing music. and you must provide your own or purchase your own

make sure its clear I am not providing music. and you must provide your own or purchase your own

README.md, after:

# DaftPunkFalconPlayerHelmet
Daft Punk modernized helmet [sequences and design]

I am still working on this project. after the breakup I just put it on a very long pause
1997 alive made me want to work on it again.

No music is provided. You can purchase from:
https://www.amazon.com/Homework-Daft-Punk/dp/B09CGCW562/ref=sr_1_2?crid=SMJF6UAIJUNR&keywords=daft+punk&sprefix=daftpunk%2Caps%2C148&sr=8-2
https://www.amazon.com/Discovery-Daft-Punk/dp/B09CKCQ149/ref=sr_1_3?crid=SMJF6UAIJUNR&keywords=daft+punk&sprefix=daftpunk%2Caps%2C148&sr=8-3
https://www.amazon.com/TRON-Legacy-Daft-Punk-LP/dp/B011V1WTB4/ref=sr_1_4?crid=SMJF6UAIJUNR&keywords=daft+punk&sprefix=daftpunk%2Caps%2C148&sr=8-4
https://www.amazon.com/Human-After-All-Daft-Punk/dp/B09CHN6QJM/ref=sr_1_8?crid=SMJF6UAIJUNR&keywords=daft+punk&sprefix=daftpunk%2Caps%2C148&sr=8-8
amazon.com/Random-Access-Memories-Daft-Punk/dp/B00C061HZY/ref=sr_1_6?crid=SMJF6UAIJUNR&keywords=daft+punk&sprefix=daftpunk%2Caps%2C148&sr=8-6
https://www.amazon.com/Alive-2007-Daft-Punk/dp/B09CHN6QJQ/ref=pd_sbs_3/147-5837943-7518748?psc=1

Or use your own ♫ ♪


based on:

https://github.com/FalconChristmas/fpp



Models:

Thomas
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:338831
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1883799

Guy
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:470882

Both:
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:177614

This wonderful person does it way better than I ever will:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slq8gh6M62U&t=2s

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU3bOE3rxOI

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLSYOH14mAs

buy list:


Lights: 
https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-3-model-b-plus/

https://www.amazon.com/SanDisk-256GB-Extreme-microSD-Adapter/dp/B07FCR3316/ref=sr_1_3?crid=3E29O2GK2E0TA&keywords=microsd&sprefix=microsd%2Caps%2C103&sr=8-3

https://www.amazon.com/Anker-2-Pack-Powerline-Micro-USB/dp/B01MUJOA5E/ref=sxts_rp_s_a2_0?crid=3IXTISHQY6LGM&cv_ct_cx=anker+powerline&keywords=ankerpowerline&psc=1&sprefix=ankerpowerline%2Caps%2C330&sr=1-2-5985efba-8948-4f09-9122-d605505c9d1e

https://www.amazon.com/Portable-Charger-Anker-PowerCore-20100mAh/dp/B00X5RV14Y/ref=sr_1_11?crid=X83Q73B6PK83&keywords=anker+battery&sprefix=anker+battery%2Caps%2C137&sr=8-11

WS2812B Led Module 8x8 8x32. I really wish this came in clear :(
https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005002220503523.html

https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32682015405.html

some good wire:
https://www.amazon.com/Hook-Wire-Kit-Electrical-Assortment/dp/B082VY9FRB/ref=sr_1_6?crid=2DQV38087S4DL&keywords=silicon+wire+18+awg&sprefix=silicon+wire+%2Caps%2C161&sr=8-6

https://www.amazon.com/Anker-Soundcore-Bluetooth-Exclusive-Water-Resistant/dp/B01MTB55WH/ref=psdc_689637011_t2_B08BCHKY52 soundcore 3 does not have auxillary :/

https://www.amazon.com/AmazonBasics-Stereo-Audio-Cable-Meters/dp/B00NO73Q84/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1ZR8JDEIB9BRQ&keywords=3.5mm+audio+cable&sprefix=3.5mm+%2Caps%2C124&sr=8-4

https://www.amazon.com/Creative-Labs-70SB173000000-Sound-Blaster/dp/B06XBZ38ZJ/ref=sr_1_3?crid=3BBL7XM22S749&keywords=sound+blaster+usb&sprefix=sound+blaster+us%2Caps%2C154&sr=8-3

because of the Falcon PiCap the soundblaster usb sound card is required.

https://www.pixelcontroller.com/store/controllers/47-falcon-picap.html

Enclosure:????

outfit:
https://www.amazon.com/Electroma-Lucky-Leather-jackett-XXS-3XL/dp/B071RF4RLX

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08H4PYMY3/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00X5FAF9I/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1

some sweet 70's style suit or shirt, sequins FTW


SETUP:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS2OaGXIoj4
make sure to properly setup falconpicap!!! this is the main concern of this project as you can destroy it

solder your lights up

flash falconplayer
